 :  : NWS Num="000346" Date="20091017" Rel="V2R3" Atr="A. Mondini" Tem="TEC" App="B£" Tit="20 reasons to move to V6R1" Sts="20"
Riporto un estratto delle 20 ragioni per passar alla versione di sistema opeativo V6R1 4,8,9,10,11,12,16,17,18 ritengo abbiamo per noi particolare rilevanza.

1. Enable consolidation of i and x86 servers with an IBM BladeCenter solution.
IBM i 6.1 is supported in IBM BladeCenter S and H with BladeCenter JS12, JS22, JS23,JS43 Blades 
2. Reduce impact of planned and unplanned outages with a high-availability solution from IBM.
IBM i 6.1 supports the new PowerHA for i disk-clustering solution.

3. Better performance for i and IBM System Storage environments through improved storage-area networ
(SAN) support. i 6.1 with POWER6 processor based-servers and a new Fibre Channel Adapter can deliver performance with the DS8000 that's comparable to internal disk.

4. Increased performance for Java and WebSphere applications with IBM i 6.1 enhancements. In Java
application performance tests, IBM i delivered 68-78 percent more transactions per second than 
5. Reduce IT costs with an easy, integrated, Web-based management environment.
IBM i 6.1 delivers Systems Director Navigator for i that enables Web-based management.
Navigator integrates with IBM Systems Director 6.1 providing a rich management environment for multiple, heterogeneous servers.

6. Monitor the performance of your IBM i environment with Performance Data Investigator,
a Web-based component of Systems Director Navigator for i.

7. Meet regulatory requirements by protecting data at rest and backups of critical business
information through advanced encryption options available for IBM i 6.1.

8. Reduce costs and simplify creation of test and development environments through virtualization of
IBM i storage.IBM i 6.1 with POWER6 processor-based servers can be a virtual partition, receiving its I/O resources from another IBM i or PowerVM VIOS partition.

9. Through PowerVM VIOS, IBM i 6.1 partitions support storage consolidation with IBM System Storage
solutions DS3000, DS4000, DS5000, XIV and SVC.

10. Intelligently flow memory from one partition to another for increased utilization and
flexibility  of memory usage with PowerVM Active Memory Sharing.

11. Simplify deployment of Java applications and extend value of business applications through a Web
application server and Web services environment provided with IBM i 6.1.

12. Enhance application functionality and performance with new DB2 database functions and management
tools provided with IBM i 6.1.

13. Enhance iSCSI-based integration with System x and BladeCenter servers with support for VMware VM
motion and software initiator for Windows servers.

14. Deliver the performance required for IBM i applications with POWER6 processor-based servers.
These 1 to 64 core servers provide industry leading performance for IBM i, AIX and Linux operating
sysstem

15. Expand I/O options with IBM i 6.1 including support for Small Form Factor Disk drives and next.
generation 12X I/O drawers.

16. IBM i 6.1 provides support for the fastest GHz options for the Power 520 (4.7 GHz) and Power
550 (5.0 GHz).

17. Support for IBM OmniFind Text Search Server, which enables users to conduct full-text searches
across documents stored in DB2 for i database.

18. Support for IBM Transform Services which delivers Adobe PDF output support to IBM i applications

19. Support for Network Install of Cumulative Fix Packages and Licensed Program Products.

20. IBM i is now shipped on DVD media
